Add Ratings X
Add bids recording X
Don't restart scans between ratings.X
remove mice during intensity ratings X
The 2-back task is flickering X
-- there should not be a no response feedback for the second trial X
Before Body site "The tutorial is now over, we will now begin our scans, after which you will be instructed of the task assigned to you." X
remove the 2nd block of 2-back, repeat 4 - 8 -4 trials. X
Rating = 5 second limit X
Repeat first 1-back task 4x, second 2-back task 8 times, and third 1-back task 4 times X 
In between tasks, make it a 10 second limit before doing continuing. X
Ensure that heat stimulations are sent -- Currently they are all being set at 49 degrees. -- Tor: No make them the properly calibrated heat-temperature

1. Gotta do something about the order randomization for each trial: We may need to generate several unique orders that will be drawn at random
Edit the xlsx formats for real 1-back and 2-back tasks.  X -- Maybe record the orders presented?

2. 15-30 seconds transition messages (replace with experimenter pressing space)
Pain Trial to Rating Recovery Time (7, 12, 18 seconds) -- I don't think I need this. -- Ask TOR
Rating to Pain Trial Time (7, 12, 18 seconds)
Tor wants 20 second transition between trials we'll go with (5, 7.5, and 10 seconds)

6-second pain stim that occurs after the first 2-second trial. Same as original trials

3. Iron out biopac codes, make sure they work properly

4. Record in BIDS formats, pre-task fixation cross, post-task fixation cross, their jitter periods, rating periods, and complete the 5 second rating period (Do not accept a mouseclick response + add a verbal rating response instruction).

5. The design should be 20 on 20 off with ratings. Ratings are 5 seconds, no early termination.

6. All heat stimulations should occur late, 4 trials in, and coterminate with the end of the task.

7. All n-back trials should be 10 trials long.


After each trial you will be asked to rate the pain. you will then be instructed to begin another set of trials. Treat these as new trials, wait 1 trial for the 1 back, wait 2 trials for the 2-back before responding. Square positions 

Don't have the rating go away when clicked****






